[GEOS-11340][Community] WFS Freemarker HTML Outputformat (#7523)
geoserver/geoserver: doc/en/user/source/community/wfs-freemarker/index.rst

.. _community_wfsfreemarker:

WFS FreeMarker Extension
========================

The WFS FreeMarker plugin enables the application of a FreeMarker template to a WFS GetFeature response, allowing for the generation of HTML output, akin to the functionality already present for WMS GetFeatureInfo requests.

> It leverages the same logic and machinery utilized in templating WMS responses, utilizing the :code:`org.geoserver.wms.featureinfo.HTMLTemplateManager` mechanism.

Reviewer: Detail that is not useful for end users. 

```suggestion
It leverages the same logic and machinery utilized in templating WMS responses, utilizing the same Freemarker templates already in use for the GetFeatureInfo HTML output.
```
